[Music]
seek shelter immediately
what do you think it is no idea
the only thing people want to talk about
today is this interstellar comet called
clark
nasa's saying it appeared out of nowhere
from like a different solar system
this is the fragment entering the lower
atmosphere
three two one an
impact what is the explosion it's a
chunk of rock rocks don't explode
yeah tell that to the dinosaurs
[Music]
the sky's on fire come on let's go
with the largest fragment expected to
hit in less than 24 hours
space agencies are expecting an
extinction-level event
the greatest chance of survival they're
the bunkers in greenland
we're going to go go now okay
[Music]
you're such a brave guy you know that i
know those bunkers because we're always
going to be together
greenland rigged pg-13 on demand
everywhere december 18th
bye